---
layout: post
title: "6.5x7 Review"
date: 2013-08-13 21:37
comments: true
categories: [ Review ]
---
> I stumble over quite a lot of interesting articles and some are worth sharing
> on this site. I plan to do this every 4 weeks (thus "4x7 Review") and I will
> include my own posts, some training highlights and some of my nutrition. As
> I didn't keep my own schedule for reasons mentioned below (weather!), this
> one is aptly named "6.5x7 Review", covering the last six-and-a-half weeks.
> Enjoy!

## As seen on runbikeco.de ##
Can you tell that the weather was really, really nice for the most part of July
and August? Yep, not much blogging happened, and I blame summer! But still, if
you want to recap:

  * My first post about coding (yep, the [co.de](/blog/categories/coding) part of this whole thing): [A Simple Data Logger](/blog/2013/08/07/a-simple-data-logger/).
  * Race Report [Run 4 Trees](/blog/2013/07/30/race-report-run-4-trees/).

## Notable past training

Over the last six weeks I wasn't as consistent in my running as I wish it had been.
I tend to have three weeks of solid training, then I get injured one way or
the other and then I have to dial back and start all over. I'm sure I'll figure
out what's causing problems sometime. For now, here are the totals since
end of June:

  * Week 27: 52.16 km running, 127.59 km cycling
  * Week 28: 56.29 km running,  32.27 km cycling
  * Week 29: 51.51 km running, 118.20 km cycling
  * Week 30: 26.32 km running, 140.26 km cycling
  * Week 31: 11.53 km running, 324.42 km cycling
  * Week 32: 35.56 km running, 109.24 km cycling

  
On the plus side I was able keep the fitness by going out on long and/or hard
bike rides when I took my small breaks from running. I think my fitness level
is pretty good at the moment, I *just* have to stay injury free until September 22nd,
when I run the second half-marathon of the season.


## Upcoming training

Together with Coach Mike I've decided to play it safe for the next couple of weeks,
meaning no effort harder than Z3 (i.e. no sprints/strides) and no runs longer than
90-100 minutes (i.e. less than 20km).

## Food consumed
I won't bore you with everything I ate during the past weeks, but there is always a meal or two that was special.
  
  * Self-made pizza from the Grill (again forgot to take pictures). The pizza was better than my last attempt, I think I have the dough figured out by now. Things to work on: How to transfer the pizza from "production" to the grill without ripping it apart.
  * Mostly lots of BBQ. Can you spot a scheme here?
  * I've discovered a great book with recipes to fuel my long training sessions: [Feed Zone Portables](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1937715000/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=390957&creativeASIN=1937715000&linkCode=as2&tag=runbikcod03-20). That
  stuff is great and I will for sure add a book review for this one in the next couple of weeks.

{% affiliate Amazon %}

## Found elsewhere
Lastly, a more or less uncommented link-dump of the past 28 days.

 * Where do [muscles get there power](http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2013/07/130712102844.htm)?
 * Treating [harmstring strains](http://www.kinetic-revolution.com/hamstring-strains/). I can understand my injury from earlier this year better now.
 * PowerTap announces [price drop](http://velonews.competitor.com/2013/08/bikes-and-tech/powertap-drops-power-meter-hub-price-by-510_297666) for the G3 hub. Awesome stuff!
 * [A Saturday on Strava, Mapped](http://engineering.strava.com/saturday-heatmap/). 


> With that, have a great four weeks ahead. And remember, you can subscribe to this blog via Atom as well as Feedburner. 

